<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [constructor][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [findMaxHierarchy][3]
-   [nextChildrenItems][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]
-   [buildTree][6]
    -   [Parameters][7]
-   [getTree][8]

## constructor

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** Array of objects to be turned into a tree.
-   `options` **[Object][10]** Additional options for HierarchyTree.
    -   `options.childKey` **[string][11]** Key in the tree where 
        		children will be stored. When no children this property is undefined. (optional, default `'children'`)
    -   `options.hierarchyKey` **[string][11]** Key in the input data
        		where hierarchy level is indicated. (optional, default `'hierarchy'`)
    -   `options.maxHierarchy` **[number][12]?** Maximum hierarchy depth. If not
        		provided it will be recursively found.
    -   `options.hierarchyStart` **[number][12]** First level where the
        		hierarchies will start. (optional, default `1`)
    -   `options.parentObjects` **parentObjects** Gives child its
        		parent items (with 'parentKeys' properties). (optional, default `false`)
    -   `options.parentKey` **parentKey** Key for object where childrens'
        		parents will be stored. When item has no parents this property is undefined. (optional, default `'parents'`)
    -   `options.parentKeys` **parentKeys** When 'parentObjects' is
        		true, each child will have its parents stored with these properties. (optional, default `[]`)

## findMaxHierarchy

Finds the depth of the tree.

Returns **void** 

## nextChildrenItems

A generator function slicing items into subsets of
		parents with its children.

### Parameters

-   `items` **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** (Sub)Set of items in data array.
-   `hierarchy` **[number][12]** Level (depth) of current hierarchy.

Returns **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** Array of objects with a parent and its children.

## buildTree

### Parameters

-   `items` **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** (Sub)Set of items in data array which will be
    		used to create the tree. Each set has parent and its children.
-   `hierarchy` **[number][12]** Level (depth) of current hierarchy.
-   `parents` **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** Parent nodes of current set with keys specified by
    		'parentKeys'. (optional, default `[]`)

Returns **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** Array of objects where each element has parent
		spread into the object and its children as 'childKey' prop in
		then object. Does not prouce empty array with 'childKey' on leaf
		child.

## getTree

Returns **[Array][9]&lt;[Object][10]>** Tree. It is built once, returns same tree
		on each call.

[1]: #constructor

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #findmaxhierarchy

[4]: #nextchildrenitems

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #buildtree

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #gettree

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
